Decisions made as material is cleaned and transformed. 
- Decisions made based on very little information, for instance, it is possible that you might end up with two possible values for something and have to make a guess as to which one is correct. For example, if in cleaning the data, you end up with an equal number of "Henry Jones" and "Henri Jones", assuming they must be the same person in this instance, you must decide based of very little evidence which one is correct, as the alternative is manually checking these entries and all others like this which is time consuming.
- Another decision includes whether to accept some of the resulting material made by the machine as being correct in the first place, in order to avoid the time-consuming process of manually checking, as you can't be certain without this that the machine has read it entirely correctly. 
- Decisions made based on if certain things are related or not, for instance, in this weeks work there are multiple entries that contain the last name "Jones" and there is also entries with the label "Secretary of State of Texas [Jones]", in instances such as these a decision must be made based on whether or not any of the Joneses mentioned in the material are the Jones who was the Secretary of State of Texas.  In this instance, I chose not match this entry with any of the Joneses as Jones is a relatively common surname and without further research into the full name of the Secretary of State, it wouldn't be certain that it would be matched to the right turn. This decision making along with the aforementioned decision making highlights some of the issues that lie within digital history as a lot of the work required for projects involving digital history requires human input at almost every stage, mainly at the accuracy / fact checking stage, if that is done, which is work that would be presumably done by the "lower level", for lack of a better term, participants, who would presumably receive little to no recognition or remuneration for all of their hard work. 

What is the value of/for historians (regular historians) showing their work, as opposed to, or in contrast to, what digital historians have to do? 
- Generally, in academia showing your work is an important process to display how you got from where you started to how you reached your conclusion. Furthermore, showing your work makes it easier for other academics / historians to trace your work to either build on it or critise it. In contrast, for digital historians, there isn't much work to show in some instances as some work is done mostly by computers; however, even in the work that was done for this week, there is still a perceivable process that can be followed to determine how certain points were reached. With digital history, it is even possible to show more of your work then with the work done by regular historians, for example you could screen record the entire process. 
- Hypothetically, in recording all of the work done on the screen by the computer and the digital historian, it would be possible to see the entire process unfold, with the viewer being able to stop the video, analyse what the digital historian who recorded it did, and either try to replicate it if they would like to try it out themselves or to try and understand what is being done. 
- However, with computational processes such as the OCR program, there really isn't much to see whilst it is operating and from the outside, unless you understand the technology inside the program and exactly how it does what it does, the work done by the machine cannot be show, all you can see is what naterial the program received to work with and what the result of it was. 

Where is the scholarly value in showing your work?
- I assume the scholarly value in showing your work is the traceability of it meaning that if someone takes all the same steps as you in performing a set of actions on some material, they should be able to replicate your results or reach the same conclusion from your hypothesis in order to check its accuracy / validity. Presumably the scholarly value comes from the ability to prove that the conclusion you reached is valid, which can only be done if the steps that were taken to reach the conclusion are known.

Contrast this with how you’ve written history to date.
- Aside from citing sources used in my written history, I can't really say I have any examples of showing my work. 
