### Productive Failures:
## Technological Failures:
- As with a lot of technology used in digital history, the OCR program used this week is still a work in progress as the technology that it uses is still relatively new and is still relatively early in the developmental stages. 
  - For instance, it can't seem to handle letter outside of the standard English alphabet as shown in the name "Alcée La Branche", which I only managed to find out through manually researching the name, which I did out of curiousity. In the aforementioned name, the 'é' seems to cause a number of problems as the OCR program can't recognise it and consistently mistakes it for a 6, which is most likely the closest alphanumeric that the OCR program has a reference for as it most likely doesn't have a reference for 'é'. 
  - Upon reflection, this adds another layer of difficulties to digital history, the language barrier, as all of the technology that's being developed in this field will only work, at least for a long time, in the more popular languages like English and a few others. The problem here is that as the technology can only process information in 1 language and only in that languages' alphabet, sources in other languages can't utilise this technology, which is a barrier of entry to the usage of this technology, especially for less popular / more obscure languages that most likely won't get technology that can digitise stuff from their languages or alphabets, thus continuing the trend of ignoring minority groups and their sources due to language barriers. 
- On a different note, the OCR program also shows a number of difficulties in reading text from old documents in that it struggles to distinguish between the letters 'rn' and 'm', but this isn't a technological failure exactly, more of an indication that this technology is still being developed and isn't perfect, and it most likely never will be perfect, without some technical miracle.  
- The first networking tool didn't work, due to a server error, presumably on their end, but I followed the guide in the Discord chat to use the alternative program which worked well. 
  - The first networking tool not working due to server errors does demonstrate the problems of using web-based tools as there isn't always the guarantee that they'll be working when you need them to. Furthermore, some of these web-based tools aren't safe to use if you are working with secure information, I remember when I worked for Industry Canada that the network tool that they used was a desktop application that didn't rely on web services at all for security reasons. 
## Human Failures:
- I'm not sure if this is a human failure or a technological failure, it could be a bit of both, but I couldn't get Gephi to run on my new computer as it kept saying that I didn't have "Java version 1.8 or higher", which is very odd as I did and I even made sure to update it. I googled the error and found some message board posts about it, none of their solutions worked, so I borrowed a roommates' computer that did have Java installed and Gephi, once downloaded, worked instantly. 
- I really struggled with the use of Regex expressions, as they are kind of hard to understand at first. Eventually I got the hang of it, but it took some time. Maybe a tool could be made that could perform various regex expressions tasks with descriptions of what each of the actions would do and then it would show a preview of how the data will look if whatever regex options that were selected were  applied, this would make the process of formatting data easier for those who might struggle with Regex, which would at least slightly lower the technology barrier for digital historians.
